ah
on a bit
we're gonna fly
the
you
took this world
what's going on everybody
shooting thrill here I hope you enjoyed
the test portion of this video now be
moving on to the review as far as
comfort goes the megistias are very very
comfortable - one major point and the
heel where the sock liner and the heel
counter meet there's a pressure point
which gives you blisters and this is
something you should just take note of
other than that they're a very
comfortable boot as far as durability
goes Nike really did a great job with
the magista sand I see no problems with
their ability as far as fit as concerned
limbs used to do an excellent job of
wrapping around your foot and keeping
you locked in these are a little bit
wider than the mercurial vapors so if
you have narrow feet I would shy away as
far as ball field is concerned the
Matisse's do an excellent job the reason
I don't give them a 5 out of 5 is
because they don't give as great of a
ball field as the super flies or the
hypervenom however the upper is perfect
in thickness and does an excellent job
of allowing you to feel each strike then
the juices are an excellent boot when it
comes to traction the conical studs
allow you to rotate when changing
directions as well as a stud
configuration does an excellent job of
improving your traction and decreasing
the amount of times you slip I hope
everyone enjoyed this review of the nike
magista z' remember to subscribe to
skill ballers I'm shooting thrill and
I'm out